More improvements to Pipeline Validation (#5419)
KhronosGroup/Vulkan-ValidationLayers: docs/shader_validation.md

    - `layers/generated/spirv_validation_helper.cpp`
        - This is generated file provides a way to generate checks for things found in the `vk.xml` related to SPIR-V
- `layers/generated/spirv_grammar_helper.cpp`
    - This is a general util file that is [generated](generated_code.md) from the SPIR-V grammar

### Design details

When dealing with shader validation there a few concepts to understand and not confuse

- `EntryPoints`
  - Tied to a shader stage (fragment, vertex, etc)
  - Knows which variables and instructions are touched in stage

>     - There might be things in a `ShaderModule` not related the the shader stage checking

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - There might be things in a `ShaderModule` not related to shader stage checking
```

- `Shader Module`
  - a `VkShaderModule` object
  - contains all information about the SPIR-V module

>   - contains SPIR-V instructs (in array of `uint32_t` words)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - contains SPIR-V instructions (in array of `uint32_t` words)
```

  - knows the relationship between instructions
  - can contain multiple `EntryPoints`
    - [For more details](https://github.com/KhronosGroup/SPIRV-Guide/blob/master/chapters/entry_execution.md#instructions-with-multiple-execution-modes)
- `Pipeline`
  - contains 1 or more shader object

>   - dcecides both which `Shader Module` and `EntryPoint` is used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - decides both which `Shader Module` and `EntryPoint` are used
```
(not sure about the `are` here)

  - has other state not known if validating just the shader object
- `Pipeline Library` (GPL) (`VK_EXT_graphics_pipeline_library`)
  - part of a pipeline that can be reused
- `ShaderModuleIdentifier` (`VK_EXT_shader_module_identifier`)
  - lets app use a hash instead of having the driver re-create the `ShaderModule`
  - not possible to validate as the VVL don't know what the `ShaderModule` is

> When dealing with validation, it is important to know what should be validated when.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When dealing with validation, it is important to know what should be validated, and when.
```

If validation only cares about... :

> - the SPIR-V itself, should be mapped to the `Shader Module`

Reviewer: Probably just me: I do not get the subject of `should` here?

Author: ```suggestion
- the SPIR-V itself, is mapped to the `Shader Module`
```

> - if how two stages interface, needs to be done when all stages are there

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- if two stages interface, needs to be done when all stages are there
```
Again, not sure about the subject of `needs`? (Is it validation?)

  -For `Pipeline Library` it might need to wait until linking

> - descriptors variables, should use `EntryPoint`

Author: ```suggestion
- descriptors variables, use `EntryPoint`
```
